this x-ray reveals that your pet has the
posture of a tiger or lion and is more
agile than these astounding predators
but it has something else that's even
more powerful
instinct could this help answer a
question that's puzzling many of our
urban cat owners our cats no longer have
to rely on their hunting capabilities as
most a well fed at home so why do they
continue to hunt to help find out the
team asked the cat owners to take photos
of any prey their cats bring home I
could have things in three or four times
a week in the summer or the spring he's
bought in a seagull a raptor vole mice
frogs says upon next door a crow jumps
well the other day they've tried to hunt
the handle several times and there have
been three near-death experiences with
with the hamster in cat related
activities
so far top of the hunting scoreboard for
the urban cats is one from the village
when she leaves her house her GPS trace
shows her doing a quick patrol of the
neighborhood before heading to the woods
to hunt
she travels up to 2 kilometers a day and
is bringing back about 3 kills a week
well this is sandwich and she's
somewhere over a year old she's a lovely
cat very friendly good company for my
three-year-old girl but at night she's a
bit of a bit of a hunter brings back
lots of her own dinner we've had mice
and a bird and a rabbit and rats ah and
so far that's all but there's there's
lambs in the field nearby so we never
know when she brings things that are a
third of our size back it does surprise
me a little bit sandwich has some
unusual hunting techniques it's about
2:00 in the afternoon and she's in the
local woods just listen to this she
appears to be mimicking the sounds of
the birds no one is sure why cats do
this could it be an attempt to lure
their prey down
sandwiches hunting was useful once her
owners had quite a mouse problem until
she arrived but they don't need her
hunting skills anymore
we went through a spell of her catching
something on a daily basis and she
refused to eat any cat food at all
really and seemed to prefer fresh
produce try to stop her doing it quite
so much by over feeding and feeding and
the best the most expensive cat food but
it hasn't completely stopped here